DOC-2200-nullableb-4.3 (#327)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/ddl-and-loading/pages/defining-a-graph-schema.adoc

[source,ebnf]
----
attribute_list :=
  attribute_name type [NULLABLE][DEFAULT default_value]
  ["," attribute_name type [NULLABLE][DEFAULT default_value] ]*
----

The available attribute types, including user-defined types, are listed in the section xref:attribute-data-types.adoc[Attribute Data Types].

> *  In 4.3, attributes can be defined as `NULLABLE` to allow xref:4.3@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:null-value.adoc[NULL] as a valid value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Attributes defined as `NULLABLE` can have xref:gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:null-value.adoc[NULL] as a valid value [v4.3+].
```
